Dockerized Machine Learning Application
Overview
This repository contains a Dockerized Python application designed for running machine learning models using PyTorch. The application includes multiple scripts for model loading, detection, and serves as an API for inference. Docker is utilized to ensure a consistent and portable environment for development and deployment.

Table of Contents
Features
Requirements
Getting Started
Usage
API Endpoints

Dockerized Environment: Run the application in a consistent environment using Docker.
Model Loading: Efficiently load and manage machine learning models.
Detection Capability: Implement functionality for model inference and detection tasks.
API Access: Expose an API for users to interact with the application.
Requirements
Before you get started, ensure you have the following installed:

Docker (version 20.10 or higher)
Docker Compose (if using Docker Compose)
Getting Started
Clone the Repository

Clone the repository to your local machine:


git clone https://github.com/yourusername/repository-name.git
cd repository-name
Build the Docker Image

Build the Docker image using the provided Dockerfile:



docker build -t ml-app .
Run the Docker Container

Start the container:

docker run -p 5000:5000 ml-app
The application will be accessible at http://127.0.0.1:5000/

Usage
Once the application is running, you can interact with it through the exposed API endpoints. The application can handle requests for model inference by sending data in the required format.

Example Command to Test the API
You can use curl or Postman to send requests to the API. Here’s an example using curl:


curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:5000/your-endpoint -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"key": "value"}'
Replace your-endpoint with the actual endpoint you want to access and modify the JSON data as needed.

API Endpoints
The application exposes various endpoints for model inference. Below are examples of typical endpoints you might implement:

POST /predict:

Description: Make a prediction using the loaded model.
Request Body: JSON format with input data.
Response: JSON with prediction results.
GET /health:

Description: Check the health status of the API.
Response: JSON indicating whether the service is running.
Sample Response Format

Success Response:

json

{
  "prediction": "result"
}
Error Response:

json

{
  "error": "Description of the error"
}